README.md, before:

# react-native-responsive

Easy responsive styles for react native

## Installation

### NPM

```sh
npm install @exorttech/react-native-responsive
```

### Yarn

```sh
yarn add @exorttech/react-native-responsive
```

## Usage

### Hook

```js
import { useResponsive } from '@exorttech/react-native-responsive';

// ...

const newStyleSheet = useResponsive(yourReactNativeStyleSheet);

<View style={newStyleSheet.container}>
  <View style={newStyleSheet.box}>
    <Text style={newStyleSheet.text}>React Native Responsive Rocks!</Text>
  </View>
</View>;

const yourReactNativeStyleSheet = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    width: 600,
    height: 600,
  },
  box: {
    width: 300,
    height: 120,
  },
  text: {
    fontSize: 32,
  },
});
```

### Custom Hook

```js
// responsiveStyles.ts
import { createResponsive } from '@exorttech/react-native-responsive';

const useResponsive = createResponsive({ width: 420, height: 932 });

export default useResponsive;

// App.tsx
import useCustomResponsive from './responseiveStyles';

const newStyleSheet = useCustomResponsive(yourReactNativeStyleSheet);

<View style={newStyleSheet.container}>
  <View style={newStyleSheet.box}>
    <Text style={newStyleSheet.text}>React Native Responsive Rocks!</Text>
  </View>
</View>;

const yourReactNativeStyleSheet = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    width: 600,
    height: 600,
  },
  box: {
    width: 300,
    height: 120,
  },
  text: {
    fontSize: 32,
  },
});
```

### Individual functions

```js
import {
  responsiveWidth,
  responsiveHeight,
  responsiveFontSize,
} from '@exorttech/react-native-responsive';

// ...
<View style={styles.container}>
  <View style={{ width: responsiveWidth(300), height: responsiveHeight(120) }}>
    <Text style={{ fontSize: responsiveFontSize(32) }}>
      React Native Responsive Rocks!
    </Text>
  </View>
</View>;

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    width: responsiveWidth(600),
    height: 600,
  },
});
```

## ToDo

- Add more functions for changing different style values

- Add explination for standard values

- Add types definitions for ts support

* more to come

## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT

---

Made with [create-react-native-library](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-builder-bob)

Commit message:

chore: added Standard values details to readme

README.md, after:

# react-native-responsive

Easy responsive styles for react native

## Installation

### NPM

```sh
npm install @exorttech/react-native-responsive
```

### Yarn

```sh
yarn add @exorttech/react-native-responsive
```

## Usage

### Hook

```js
import { useResponsive } from '@exorttech/react-native-responsive';

// ...

const newStyleSheet = useResponsive(yourReactNativeStyleSheet);

<View style={newStyleSheet.container}>
  <View style={newStyleSheet.box}>
    <Text style={newStyleSheet.text}>React Native Responsive Rocks!</Text>
  </View>
</View>;

const yourReactNativeStyleSheet = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    width: 600,
    height: 600,
  },
  box: {
    width: 300,
    height: 120,
  },
  text: {
    fontSize: 32,
  },
});
```

### Custom Hook

```js
// responsiveStyles.ts
import { createResponsive } from '@exorttech/react-native-responsive';

const useResponsive = createResponsive({ width: 420, height: 932 });

export default useResponsive;

// App.tsx
import useCustomResponsive from './responseiveStyles';

const newStyleSheet = useCustomResponsive(yourReactNativeStyleSheet);

<View style={newStyleSheet.container}>
  <View style={newStyleSheet.box}>
    <Text style={newStyleSheet.text}>React Native Responsive Rocks!</Text>
  </View>
</View>;

const yourReactNativeStyleSheet = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    width: 600,
    height: 600,
  },
  box: {
    width: 300,
    height: 120,
  },
  text: {
    fontSize: 32,
  },
});
```

### Individual functions

```js
import {
  responsiveWidth,
  responsiveHeight,
  responsiveFontSize,
} from '@exorttech/react-native-responsive';

// ...
<View style={styles.container}>
  <View style={{ width: responsiveWidth(300), height: responsiveHeight(120) }}>
    <Text style={{ fontSize: responsiveFontSize(32) }}>
      React Native Responsive Rocks!
    </Text>
  </View>
</View>;

const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    width: responsiveWidth(600),
    height: 600,
  },
});
```

## Standard Values

The Standard values are based on the iPhone 14 pro max width and height.
These values can be changed to fit the users needs by using the custom hook instance outlined above

## ToDo

- Add more functions for changing different style values

- Add explination for standard values

- Add types definitions for ts support

* more to come

## Contributing

See the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to the repository and the development workflow.

## License

MIT

---

Made with [create-react-native-library](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-builder-bob)
